Add bitcoind & Tor checksums verification (#5009)
zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi: WalletWasabi/Microservices/Binaries/README.md

	`git update-index --chmod=+x .\win64\Tor\tor.exe`
	`git update-index --chmod=+x .\osx64\Tor\tor`
	`git update-index --chmod=+x .\osx64\Tor\tor.real`

> 4. Update the binary hashes of each executable and the text documentation in the test project.

Reviewer: What about?

```suggestion
4. Update the binary hashes of each executable and the text documentation in `*BinaryHashesTests.cs` test files.
```
